Start of updating the code of conduct (#330)
elixir-europe/rdm-toolkit: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

### 2.4 Feedback

This Code of Conduct is not intended as a static set of rules by which everyone must abide.

> Rather, you are invited to make suggestions for updates or clarifications by contacting [RDM CoC Group](mailto:rdm-coc@elixir-europe.org) or by making a pull request to this document on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather, you are invited to make suggestions for updates or clarifications by contacting the [RDM CoC Group](mailto:rdm-coc@elixir-europe.org) or by making a pull request to this document on GitHub.
```

It's used when we respond to an issue to make sure we're consistent and fair.
Enforcement of the Code of Conduct should be respectful and not include any harassing behaviours.

### 4.1 The RDM Code of Conduct Group

> The RDM Code of Conduct group is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The members of the RDM Code of Conduct group are:
```

- who, if anyone, was the bad actor

This information will be collected either in person or in writing.
The RDM CoC group will provide a written summary of the information surrounding the incident.
All participants will be anonymised in the summary report, referred to as "Community Member 1", "Community Member 2", or "Research Team Member 1".
The "de-anonymising key" will be kept in a separate file and only accessed to link repeated reports against the same person over time.

The RDM CoC group will aim to have a resolution agreed upon within one week.
In the event that a resolution can't be determined in that time, a member of the RDM CoC group will respond to the reporter(s) with an update and projected timeline for resolution.

### 4.4 Resolutions

The RDM CoC group will seek to agree on a resolution by consensus of all members investigating the report in question.

> If the committee cannot reach consensus in over a week, Niklas Blomberg, as Director of ELIXIR, will descide on an appropriate resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the committee cannot reach consensus within a week, Niklas Blomberg, as Director of ELIXIR, will decide on an appropriate resolution.
```

Reviewer: This comment is still standing.

Author: @nsoranzo I was a bit to quick merging this. I updated it in the master branch. Thank you for checking out on this!

> If Dr Blomberg is unable to take part in the discussion due to a conflict of interest, Susanna Rep, as an external member of the RDM CoC group, will make the decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Dr Blomberg is unable to take part in the discussion due to a conflict of interest, Susanna Repo, as an external member of the RDM CoC group, will make the decision.
```
